---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "argocd_account_token Resource - terraform-provider-argocd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages ArgoCD account https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/commands/argocd_account/ JWT tokens.
---

# argocd_account_token (Resource)

Manages ArgoCD [account](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/commands/argocd_account/) JWT tokens.

~> **Security Notice** The JWT token generated by this resource is treated as sensitive and, thus, not displayed in console output. However, it will be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. Read more about sensitive data handling in the [Terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/state/sensitive-data.html).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Token for account configured on the `provider`
resource "argocd_account_token" "this" {
  renew_after = "168h" # renew after 7 days
}

# Token for ac count `foo`
resource "argocd_account_token" "foo" {
  account      = "foo"
  expires_in   = "168h" # expire in 7 days
  renew_before = "84h"  # renew when less than 3.5 days remain until expiry
}
```

<br/><!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account name. Defaults to the current account. I.e. the account configured on the `provider` block.
- `expires_in` (String) Duration before the token will expire. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`. E.g. `12h`, `7d`. Default: No expiration.
- `renew_after` (String) Duration to control token silent regeneration based on token age. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`. If set, then the token will be regenerated if it is older than `renew_after`. I.e. if `currentDate - issued_at > renew_after`.
- `renew_before` (String) Duration to control token silent regeneration based on remaining token lifetime. If `expires_in` is set, Terraform will regenerate the token if `expires_at - currentDate < renew_before`. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`.

### Read-Only

- `expires_at` (String) If `expires_in` is set, Unix timestamp upon which the token will expire.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issued_at` (String) Unix timestamp at which the token was issued.
- `jwt` (String, Sensitive) The raw JWT.